Who we are and how we can help…

Based a few miles from central Durban, KwaZulu-Natal,
Gintec was established in June 1999 to
provide SME’s with a professional IT Service
that is qualified and geared towards the
smaller business.

We are a privately owned, financially stable
company who through steady organic growth,
much through word of mouth, have become an
integral part of the success of many
organisations. See our Case Studies link for
more details.

We are accredited developers, engineers and
trainers to the highest of Microsoft
professional standards. We pride ourselves on
understanding your business’s technical needs
and subsequently pairing these needs with a
service or system offering that is flexible, yet
affordable whilst maintaining the utmost
standards of customer care and
professionalism in everything we do.

We specialise in five key areas…

1. Software development :
At itdevelopers we specialise in writing custom software to a range of
organisations throughout the UK. Our developers are experienced in creating
business-critical, enterprise-wide, client- server applications that manage client’s
business processes.The systems we create are used by clients from a wide
range of industries including financial services, government funded bodies,
importing & distribution, retail and television production. Many of our
systems include multi-currency functionality and can integrate with
standard accounting systems. We make extensive use of Internet technologies 
to bring remote offices closer together.

2. Support Services :
We understand our customers and acknowledge the fact that Technology is
there to support the business, not the other way round. The key is getting a
flexible support service that empowers your users to have a competitive edge
whilst reducing the associated costs.

3. Mobile Applications :
Whether it’s an iOS or Android mobile app you’re after, we can make your small
idea big reality.

4. Cloud Services :
Our developers have extensive experience at delivering Cloud Computing services.

5. Digital Marketing :
Your website is your companies interface to a wider audience, including
prospective customers and so getting it right is not something that should be
taken lightly.

Gintec inc.