A culture of caring : 
We are a part of the community and community is like family. 
We strive to give you the highest quality produce, the freshest meats, and granny-approved baked goods, 
all at the right price, every day.
Corporate : 
We currently only have one store however we still strive to offer our communities exactly what they need at just the right price.
 From our fresh produce to our meat and baked goods, we constantly strive to source the best quality products at affordable prices. 
After all, you’re a part of our UMBILO PLAZA family and family deserve the best.

Our Goal is that Over time and through many mergers and takeovers,  the UMBILO PLAZA Group Ltd will operate 6 distribution centres 
and 1 Build it distribution centre, supplying goods and services to over 1 000 SPAR stores across Southern Africa. 

Our Values & Culture:
There’s something different about shopping at UMBILO PLAZA, that’s because we’ve created a culture of 
caring and community to ensure our customers have a consistently enjoyable shopping experience in a uniquely friendly 
and family orientated store. Nothing means more to us than our valued customers and we believe in going the extra mile to 
give them the best. From sourcing the finest products to providing willing and efficient staff who take a personal interest
in our customers’ needs. 

Our Promise :
While striving to give our customers an enjoyable and memorable shopping experience, 
we also offer more than 100 Brand products, available at stores nationwide. Using only the best and freshest ingredients,
 we make premium quality products at very competitive prices. To ensure we keep ahead of brand standards, we have our products tested by an 
independent laboratory on a monthly basis. Because we are so sure of our quality, we offer customers a ‘Double Your Money Back Quality Guarantee’ on 
all our products, including fresh produce purchased from us. 
Our goal is to provide our customers with unwavering quality of the 
highest standards, complemented by excellent and personalised service in a warm and inviting, community environment.

The aim of each person at the UMBILO PLAZA : 
is to provide you with a memorable dining experience, with management always on hand to see to your needs 
and to ensure that the food is prepared to the highest standards of quality and hygiene being paramount. Please remember that some of our products
may take long to arrive, once ordered from suppliers. Our waiting personnel and grillers take pride in what 
they do and we have very high expectations of them. You may too! If your shopping experience is less than impressive, let us know. 
Fruits and Vegetables are delivered fresh from the market each day. We also take special pride in the selection of our hand picked beverages.